/* This SQL removes personal data from the reservations table so that it can be used locallal for testing - it keeps in the names of donors who set donor_show = 1 - it keeps the public sponsorship info.  it removes rows of unsponsored data as well though this is a slow command */

DELETE FROM reservations WHERE live_time IS NULL;

UPDATE reservations SET 
user_registration_id = NULL,
user_id = NULL,
e_mail = NULL,
twitter_name = NULL,
PP_transaction_code = NULL,
PP_e_mail = NULL,
PP_first_name = NULL,
PP_second_name = NULL,
PP_town = NULL,
PP_country = NULL,
PP_house_and_street = NULL,
PP_postcode = NULL,
verified_donor_title = NULL,
verified_donor_name = NULL,
verified_paid = NULL,
verified_url = NULL;

UPDATE reservations SET 
user_donor_title = NULL,
user_donor_name = NULL,
user_donor_show = NULL,
verified_donor_title = NULL,
verified_donor_name = NULL
WHERE user_donor_show IS NULL

UPDATE reservations SET 
user_donor_title = NULL,
user_donor_name = NULL,
user_donor_show = NULL,
verified_donor_title = NULL,
verified_donor_name = NULL
WHERE user_donor_show = 0